Team Affix Terms of Management
8/10/18

Please note: These terms are subject to change. 
Terms last updated: September 4, 2018 (Prev. 8/10/18).
Upon modification of these terms, no Team Affix Affiliates will be notified. Members of the Team Affix Management Board will, and they will receive a notification in their emails which were supplied with their Team Affix Entry Form submitted upon entry to the Team Affix Management Board. The terms will be valid and in use after 2 days of any update. Any program, website, etc, released under Team Affix will be restricted by the Team Affix Terms of Management which it had been obligated to agree with at the time of its latest update, since these terms themselves change. Content Managers for Team Affix will need to accept these terms each time they contribute to the production or modification of material for public use.

Further details including -but not limited to- that of Team Affix Release and Maintenance Acknowledgements will be found in the following document.
Proceed with an open mind.

Introduction
Understanding terminology
From here on in this document; any and all services created or maintained by the Team Affix Management Board, being a program, or a website, etc, may be referred to as The "Product", or "Products"; Team Affix may refer to Team Affix and affiliates by saying "Our", "We", "Us" or "They"; The person that uses or downloads any of Our Products shall be referred to as The "User".

Understanding acceptance
Acceptance to these terms means that the reader has read through and must understand completely all of the material within this document. This includes the material that both applies to where the document directs them for their specific case, as well as all other material.  (eg. If you are an individual developing in the Team Affix Management Board, you would read all terms that the document guides you to (Individual development guidelines), AND all the terms which it does not guide you to (Group development guidelines), for understanding in both fields.)

Understanding purpose
These terms, being the "Team Affix Terms of Management" will govern how members of the Team Affix Management Board are allowed to act in correspondence with public communities, peoples, or individuals. 

Development
Individual development guidelines
Any individual on the Management Board (MB) for Team Affix has the privileges to release and maintain Products under the name of Affix Software, under the conditions listed in Individuals Releasing Products. 

Individuals Releasing and Maintaining Products
The Product awaiting release acceptance must have undertaken peer revision and approved by (at least) two other members of the MB, with both approvals stating  that the Product has passed the Team Affix SSF Test.
The Product has been tested and has been concluded to be in substantial working conditions.
The Product must be approved by the director of management for the field in which the service is to be published.
The individual must submit a Team Affix Release Form to the director of management for the field in which the service is to be published, for record of the release.

Group development guidelines
Any group of  individuals on the Management Board (MB) for Team Affix has the privileges to release and maintain Products under the name of Affix Software, under the conditions listed in Groups Releasing Products. 

Groups Releasing and Maintaining Products
The Product awaiting release acceptance must have undertaken peer revision and it must have been approved by (at least) two other members of the MB, with both approvals stating  that the Product has passed the Team Affix SSF Test.
The Product has been tested and has been concluded to be in substantial working conditions.
The Product must be approved by the director of management for the field in which the service is to be published.
The group must submit a Team Affix Release Form to the director of management for the field in which the service is to be published, for record of the release.

Content Management
Recalls and removal of content
Any individual on the Management Board for Team Affix is responsible for their Products released under the name of Affix Software. If they wish to recall a product from the team’s name, they can do so as they please, assuming they were the leading developer of the product. The previous two statements do not apply to those who’ve released the product to Affix Software under an approved handover contract. As well as performing recalls on their own Products, individuals on the Management Board have the ability to submit removal requests on programs under the name of Affix Software, even if they are not a developer of the Product.

Recalling Products
The leading developer who wishes to remove their product from Affix Software must complete a Team Affix Product Recall Form.
The release manager for your Product will review the recall form (PRF) and will reply to you within 2 days about details of the recall (if the release of the Product was performed under an approved handover contract the recall may be unsuccessful).

Removing Products
Any member who wants a program to be removed may submit a removal request by completing a Team Affix Requested Removal Form, supplied with a reason why they believe it harms the developmental integrity within the team, or why they believe it does not comply with the current Team Affix SSF Test.
The release manager of that product Product will review the submitted requested removal form (RRF) and will reply to you within 4 days about details of the removal, suspension, or disqualification of the Product, whether successful or unsuccessful.

Applications
Applications for Affix Software
Certain individuals are qualified for joining the Team Affix Management Board. Details of how they can become part of the developmental side of things will be listed in (Applying for the management board). Benefits will be listed in (Benefits of joining)

Applying for the management board
Requesting entry to the Team Affix Management Board:
The individual requesting Entry must be an affiliate of Team Affix
The individual must complete a Team Affix Entry Form
The Team Affix Entry Form submitted must be approved by the director of management for the branch that the individual wishes to be enrolled
The individual will be notified through Affix Center,  and their respective email address about the successful or unsuccessful entry.

Benefits of joining
Individuals who are part of the Team Affix Management Board are capable of:
Releasing services to the name of Affix Software, as Products.
Submitting Team Affix Requested Removal Form(s)
Submitting content to an audience
Maintaining service and managing content to follow the Team Affix SSF Test restrictions.




Members of the Team Affix Management Board are not allowed to release content that does not comply with the Team Affix SSF Test. The content released must not harm any of its Users’ security or safety; they must be the main priorities to making a Team Affix Program. A member of the Team Affix Management Board may not impersonate another member of the Team Affix Management Board. Any members caught commiting impersonation will be banned from the management board and the team itself, with no chance of repeal.
Team Affix Terms of Management
​
-- Team Affix
